This Lab 3 was developed with openjdk 10.0.2 2018-07-17, using OpenJDK Runtime Environment (build 10.0.2+13-Ubuntu-1ubuntu0.18.04.4) and OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM (build 10.0.2+13-Ubuntu-1ubuntu0.18.04.4, mixed mode). It was also tested using Java 10.0.2 2018-07-17, using Java(TM) SE Runtime Environment 18.3 (build 10.0.2+13) and Java HotSpot(TM) 64-Bit Server VM 18.3 (build 10.0.2+13, mixed mode).

Development was primarily in vim, with JGrasp used for debugging and some editing.

Lab3Main is the main program and the java class that should be executed. See analysis document for additional details. You may specify by the command line whether you would like to run encoding or decoding, and you must specify the frequency table file, the input file, and the output file to write to. In addition, you may optionally enable a rich-text mode, which preserves spaces and some limited punctuation. Basic usage is:

Lab3Main mode encoding_file input_file output_file [rich_text]

mode:			Either “encode” or “decode”, indicating whether the input file should be treated
			as a clear text file that needs to be encoded or as a Huffman encoded file that needs
			to be decoded.
encoding_file:		The file containing the frequency table to be used to generate the Huffman 
			encoding. The format of this file must be one entry per line, with a single character
			followed by whitespace and any non-digit characters. followed by the character’s
			frequency value as an integer.
input_file:		The file containing the data to be encoded or decoded. Multiple items can be
			included in the file, one per line. Comments and configuration settings can be
			included in this file for each item, as described in the analysis document.
output_file:		The file that output will be written to. Any existing file with the same name will
			be overwritten.
rich_text:		Optional. If “enable” (without quotes) is provided as a fifth argument to  the
			program, the program will encode and decode text in a manner that preserves
			capitalization, spaces, and some basic punctuation. This feature is described 
			in more detail in the analysis document.

Sample input test cases are contained in text files input_*.txt, including the provided clear and encoded text files.
Associated outputs are contain in text files output_*.txt.
The provided frequency table as well as a malformed frequency table are provided in frequency_table_*.txt

